Docs: review and update connector form scratch documentation and related guides (#33822)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-cdk/python/README.md

> 

Author: That file's contents are also duplicated as a docs page. I wonder if there's a nice clean way to import a markdown file with a docusaurus-blessed imnport markdown syntax, from outside of it's content directory?

The Airbyte Python CDK is a framework for rapidly developing production-grade Airbyte connectors. The CDK currently offers helpers specific for creating Airbyte source connectors for:

- HTTP APIs \(REST APIs, GraphQL, etc..\)
- Singer Taps

> - Generic Python sources \(anything not covered by the above\)

Reviewer: Honestly I don't think the current CDK supports Singer anymore.

> - Generic Python sources \(anything not covered by the above\)

Author: I had to google singer taps. Okay, I'll clean this up!

**HTTP Connectors**:

> * [Exchangerates API](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-integrations/connectors/source-exchange-rates/source_exchange_rates/source.py)

Author: This connector have been rewritten in yaml ☠️

#### Iteration

- Iterate on the code locally
- Run tests via `python -m pytest -s unit_tests`
- Perform static type checks using `mypy airbyte_cdk`. `MyPy` configuration is in `mypy.ini`.
- Run `mypy <files to check>` to only check specific files. This is useful as the CDK still contains code that is not compliant.

> - The `type_check_and_test.sh` script bundles both type checking and testing in one convenient command. Feel free to use it!

Author: Unrelated: I wonder if we should make a pre-commit hook for this?

## Coming Soon

> - Full OAuth 2.0 support \(including refresh token issuing flow via UI or CLI\)

Author: This is sus — I think maybe some of these are already implemented and not updated in docs? /cc @evantahler

Reviewer 2: 👍 on removing this.

Async is in-the works, and talking about Java doesn't make sense here. We've made some connectors for "other protocols" (SOAP), but I don't think folks really care about the internals.

- Airbyte Java HTTP CDK
- CDK for Async HTTP endpoints \(request-poll-wait style endpoints\)
- CDK for other protocols

> - Don't see a feature you need? [Create an issue and let us know how we can help!](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fenhancement&template=feature-request.md&title=)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't see a feature you need? [Create an issue and let us know how we can help!](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/categories/ideas-and-features)
```

We're trying to push people to create Discussion against Issues for features (clear upvote system)

Author: I think I even seen that in _one_ spot it already leads to discussions! Good catch, I'll clean this up.
